feat: Add support for Document Authoring HTML and asset upload (#30)
adobe/aem-import-helper: README.md

- Run large [import](#import) jobs with AEM Import as a Service ([API docs](https://opensource.adobe.com/spacecat-api-service/#tag/import)).
- [Bundle](#bundle) your import scripts.
- [Import Crosswalk Content](#importing-content-into-AEM) to your AEM author.

> - [Import DA Content](#importing-content-into-DA) to Document Authoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Import DA Content](#importing-content-into-DA) to Author Bus.
```

Once the command is executed, the content package and associated assets are uploaded to your AEM author environment. The content package is installed and the assets are uploaded to the DAM.

### Importing content into DA

Add the following npm script entries to your Edge Delivery project's `package.json`:

```
"da-upload": "aem-import-helper da upload"
```

`da-upload`: Uploads content packages and associated assets to DA.

### Authenticating with DA

To authenticate with DA, it is suggested to obtain a An IMS JWT bearer token for your DA environment.

> You can store this token in a file on your local machine, or pass the token as a cli argument.
> If you choose to store the token in a file, create a file and simply paste the token into the file and save it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store this token in a file on your local machine; simply create a file and simply paste the token into the file and save it.
```
The cmd only takes in the path.

```

> --token </path/to/token.txt> OR <token>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--token </path/to/token.txt>
```

```

> ### Uploading content to DA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Uploading content to Author bus
```

Run the following command to upload content (HTML pages) and associated assets to your DA env:

```
npm run da-upload -- \
  --token token.txt \
  --org The organization of the project.\
  --repo The name of the site.\
  --asset-list /path/to/asset-list.json \
  --da-folder /path/to/html/folder
  --download-folder /path/to/download/folder
```

**Required:**

> * **token**: Absolute path to the file containing the token generated from the AEM author environment, or the token value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **token**: Absolute path to the file containing the IMS token for your DA environment.
```

* **org**: The organization of the project.
* **repo**: The name of the site.
* **da-folder**: Absolute path to the HTML folder containing the HTML pages, generated by the importer tool.
* **asset-list**: Absolute path to the asset list file (`asset-list.json`), which contains list of asset urls.

**Optional:**
* download-folder [default='aem-assets']: Absolute path to the output folder where the downloaded assets will be stored.

> Once the command is executed, the HTML pages and associated assets are uploaded to your Author Bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the command is executed, the HTML pages and associated assets are uploaded to Author Bus.
```
